Good luck.
Well, the show is going to the dogs.
We do hope we are able to get
it in with them being all restless and
everything.
But here we are.
I'm with my pal Wookie right here.
We're going to jump back in into the
last word picture.
There was a most amazing statement in the
Eighty-Ninth Mizmowr and the Twenty-Sixth
Statement.
We're going to retreat to it because I
want you to consider what it actually
implies.
It is a declarative statement that has
enormous ramifications across time.
It reads,
he himself will call out to me and
he will welcome me in conjunction with the
Miqra'ey.
announcing, you are my father.
I also will appoint and make him,
offering him as a gift, Bakowr Ani,
my firstborn son.
The Elyown,
all things pertaining to the influence of
Almighty God, the highest and utmost.
in comparison to the kings and rulers of
the earth."
Mizmowr, AD, nine, twenty-seven.
All right,
let's just start at the easy part.
He will call out to me and welcome
me in conjunction with the Miqra'ey and
announce you are my father.
What would make Yahowah, Dowd's father?
i mean Down had a uh this life
that we're talking about here right around
three thousand uh year three thousand Yah
uh around a thousand bce he had a
known father he's a jerk but he had
a known father didn't know his father that
well though uh ishe his mother's unknown
uh to us but he has memories of
his mother didn't like her very much so
miawa clearly was not in a birthing
process
Yahowah doesn't have sperm.
Yahowah doesn't procreate with humans.
So what would cause this to be the
case?
Was there any man ever that was actually
conceived by God?
Yeah.
There was one, wasn't there?
There was one.
One.
There's one man that was actually
conceived by God where he could refer to
God as his father and where God could
relate to him and acknowledge,
announce that you are my firstborn.
Who would that be?
That would be the man.
That would be the man, wouldn't it?
The man that is always just called the
man.
A man that actually doesn't have a name.
We all think that, well,
he was named Adam.
No, it wasn't his name.
It was always presented as Ha-Adam,
the man.
You see,
there was one man that was conceived by
God, such that God could say,
you are my firstborn son, Bakowr.
Bakowr.
means firstborn.
That means that God could have had lots
and lots of other sons along the way,
were part of his covenant.
But there's only one first,
and he would be the first man conceived
in the image of God.
I want you to have an appreciation for
that because of where this is ultimately
going.
Because that theory that just resonated
within my mind here a week or so
ago,
of the realization that God redeploys
certain souls.
And he has to do it that way.
In fact,
there's really no alternative but to do it
that way.
And that Dowd was just the first and
the most important of them.
That is why he is called the Bakowr
Ani, the firstborn son of God.
And in this regard with God as his
father,
he is the one man that would bear
the title and name Elyown.
It's always just translated Almighty God.
If God's your father,
then you know you're the son of God,
Elyown.
He's the one man that God refers to
as Elyown, as he should.
He's the son of God, he is.
Elyown.
By the way, when we consider Dowd's lives,
both the full lives where he was actually
born or reborn and where he was deployed
and inserted,
It is interesting that there are seven of
them, of course.
It's Yahowah's favorite number.
Two were just quick deployments.
The other were likely full lives.
And that number might even materialize to
become eight as we work our way through
the text.
But the progression of names I just think
is fascinating.
We're going to do at least one full
program.
on the biography of Dowd by recounting the
names and his timing and who his parents
would have been along the way.
Because while he was the son of God,
with only one occasion,
his parents were always souls that were
very close to God.
only exception was when it had to be
an exception and that exception is in uh
you know right around year uh one thousand
bce three thousand years ago when Down was
born in bethlehem of an unknown mother and
of a derelict father and the reason for
that is that Yahowah needed to reinforce
the truth
that fathers corrupt their sons to the
third and fourth generation.
And that it is a reality that Dowd
without proper parenting in that life
would grow up to become Yisrael.
All of the flaws, all of the heartache,
all of the failures,
all of the antagonism towards God
He became Yisrael without quality
parenting,
as was the case with every Israeli child,
essentially without exception,
without quality parenting.
They all became the same.
And Dowd ultimately became like every
other Israelite.
And that wasn't resolved until such time
as Yahowah intervened.
with Obed Edom, then Eythan ha ʾEzrachy,
and his wife,
and provided the support and love and
nurturing of proper parenting for God's
beloved son.
So I just wanted you to know that.
This is one of the many places where
it is hinted at, and there's many,
many more.
For all eternity, God says,
from antiquity into futurity.
It's an amazing word, this Owlam,
that is typically just translated
forevermore or eternally or something of
that nature.
But the primary meaning actually speaks,
when you're dealing with Owlam,
of something that has occurred a long time
ago.
And so Dowd's lives as the son of
God are the perfect rendition of Owlam.
From a very long time ago into ancient
antiquity,
three thousand years from this writing,
he existed and he will exist returning
three thousand years from this writing and
live, of course,
And God is saying that during all that
time, I will keep watch over him,
paying very close attention to him.
And the way that God does this without
smothering us,
without showing up and eliminating free
will by being so obvious about everything,
is that he offers comfort through souls
that he has chosen,
tested in the past that he knows he
can redeploy effectively.
You know,
one of the interesting things about this
is Chanowk, Enoch.
It is highly likely
that as Dowd was living the last three
hundred years of his first existence,
and he's dealing with the anguish of being
outside of the garden,
and longing for the better times that
existed therein,
that it was an encounter probably when
Chanowk was eight years old.
That'd be the same time, of course,
that Yahowah met
with Dowd in this life.
Then when he was eight years old, Chanowk,
who would have been in the community
because there weren't many Neshamah humans at
the time.
And there were only six hundred years from
the exit from the garden.
So everybody was in the same community
that Chanowk paid special attention.
Eight years old, he met Adam,
who was Dowd.
And he learned about Yahowah from him,
which is the only way that he could
have walked with God.
The only way he could have known him
is through the one person who knew him,
Adam.
And that they developed a very close and
supportive relationship and that Chanowk
would have supported Dowd for three
hundred years.
Um, and done far more than that,
as we shall see.
But, uh,
these are the kinds of things that were,
God says, I can keep watch over him.
I can pay very close attention to him.
I can focus upon him carefully considering
him, guarding him.
And God does it in the ways that
we have discussed.
And while I'm gonna share this with you
later for those that could be struggling
with this in some reason that a soul
can be redeployed, why?
I mean,
God's overt telling us that Dowd's
returning as king, isn't he?
And it's three thousand years different.
And they have gone way out of their
way to tell us that Dowd fulfilled Pesach,
Matsah, and Bikuwrym in thirty-three CE,
which means he has at least three of
these lives.
And the fact that he is Yahowah's firstborn
tells you he has four, at least.
And then ElYah,
everybody knows that not only was ElYah
taken,
but
He is returning as one of the two
final witnesses.
So if God, and that's, you know,
that two thousand eight hundred and eighty
eight year difference in time with Dowd,
it plays out over three thousand years.
So if God can take those two souls
and redeploy them multiple times over
millennia, why would you say, OK,
those two, I'll give God two.
He can do those two, but no more.
Surely you don't think that, right?
And it's an exceedingly easy thing for God
to do and amazingly intelligent for him to
do so.
And the reason it's so easy for him
to do so is that souls actually exist
outside of our frame of reference.
That's why scientists can't quantify them
in any way.
They can't measure any wavelength that's
associated with them,
any energy level that might pertain to
them, nor any weight.
They have no mass.
the source of energy that makes them hum
to prevail is unknown to us.
And without mass and in that kind of
state,
they are like light in the sense that
they can be anywhere at any time.
They just can't go back in time,
but they can be moved forward in time
at any time very readily.
the only thing then becomes a might be
perceived as a challenge is the
insignificance of a body but that's where
people get all messed up because of
religion and religions particularly
judaism christianity and islam promising
bodily resurrection when it's not possible
and it's counterproductive your body is
not even a dime a dozen it is
easily conceived,
it is easily replicated and it is
disposable.
It only has value when you're in the
realm of three D stuck in time on
this planet.
Apart from that,
it has no value whatsoever.
And so taking a soul,
which is the full reservoir,
of your personality, your intelligence,
your aptitudes, your attitudes,
and being able to redeploy that in the
long continuum of time,
it's an exceedingly easy thing to do.
Just put it in a different body.
Sometimes again,
put it in a body as an adult,
like was the case when Gabriel and Michael
met with Daniel and then Daniel,
brought back out,
other times put into a baby that is
conceived and raised.
This has been the case multiple times.
Somebody having the opportunity, a soul,
having the opportunity to live another
full life, sometimes a long life.
It's not even a issue of any kind
for God to do so.
Simple.
Not only easy, but entirely intelligent.
That way he's never rolling the dice.
Let me give you a great example.
All right,
so God recognized that Nesalma man,
went south in a hurry.
They became Naphylym, fallen man.
And as the Naphylym, they became Hamas.
They were cruel.
They were acting like terrorists.
They became the most vicious of all
animals.
They were horrible.
And what did God do?
He says,
I just grieved about even creating them.
The human experiment.
A man with a conscience,
the ability to reason,
was a deadly and undesirable creature.
And God says,
I don't want any part of this.
He came within a blink of ending the
entire human experience.
But its continuation, our second chance,
all revolved around one man,
his wife, his sons, and their wives,
but in particular, one man.
Do you think that God just so happened
to find somebody that was out there that
mysteriously came to know him?
Adam's long gone.
Can't find out about God from him.
The man that earned God's favor by that
time
Chanowk,
he had been gone exactly seventy years,
and God took him exactly seventy years
before the solution was born.
Noach,
how do you think that Noach not only
came to know Yahowah,
but was trusted by Yahowah to the extent
that he would save Nesalmaman,
that he would serve as the harbinger for
the single most important thing ever to
God?
the covenant,
that he would demonstrate that if you
listen to Yahowah and do what he says,
good things happen.
Do you think that God just happened to
stumble on somebody out there in the
bonies who somehow came to understand all
of that?
And that he miraculously saved the human
experience?
Or do you think that God deployed somebody
he already knew,
somebody who already knew him
someone he trusted and someone who would
rely on him.
Like the answer is obvious.
God said, my unwavering love,
unrelenting devotion,
enduring affection and genuine favoritism,
Chesed.
In addition to my breath,
my family oriented covenant,
are truthfully presented and reliably
established,
verified and enduring through him.
Well, they weren't or they were.
What is it?
Past tense, future tense, all tense.
You see,
Dowd would have nothing to do with
truthfully presenting,
reliably establishing,
verifiably enduring,
creating a verifiable endurance or
continuance of the covenant until
thirty-three CE,
a thousand years from now.
And only after this Psalm restored his
relationship with Yahowah.
Or was it really that way?
Well, it was that way,
but was there another way?
could Yahowah have already affirmed that he
had done this through Dowd?
I told you why.
Maybe he didn't put the pieces together,
but why Chanowk came to know Yahowah and
earn Yahowah's respect, didn't I?
And I've told you that Yahowah deployed
Noach as someone he had known,
worked with, trusted,
and had relied upon previously,
which makes Noach Enoch, doesn't it?
You know,
Noach and his wife had a firstborn son,
correct?
And what a name he had.
The man became the name, Shem.
And wasn't it through Noach, his wife,
the Amah,
and Shem that the covenant was
reestablished?
What do you think that all of that
verbiage about the ark representing the
ark of the covenant,
about the rainbow being the sign of the
covenant,
and that being accomplished
through Noah and his sons,
particularly Shem.
And the whole story of later of how
Shem became the most beloved of them,
the most highly trusted of them going
forward as it relates to manifesting the
very people, the offspring,
the descendants who would be covenant
because all of them were descendants
of Nesalma man.
And doesn't it interest you that Noach
lived to year two thousand Yah?
The very year that Abraham and Yitschaq met
with Yahowah on Mount Moriah and were
introduced to the Passover lamb
representing their son, Dowd.
You think that Yahowah was just by chance
had these little things all fit together?
I think not.
I think Dowd had already earned his place.
That Yahowah,
when he told Shamuw’el to go anoint the
boy born in Bethlehem,
who was essentially an orphan because his
parents paid no heed to him.
abandoned him.
Do you think that all Yahowah knew was
somehow there was a little eight-year-old
shepherd boy out there who hadn't
accomplished anything thus far in life?
Do you think that was enough to make
him his beloved son, his firstborn,
the anointed, our savior?
Or do you think God had experienced a
whole nother lifetime with that soul?
as Shem.
I think so.
And he showed Shem what would happen with
good parenting.
And he was able to evaluate him with
I think that's just the way it is.
And if I were God,
I would play it out the same way.
So the Beryth family oriented covenant,
it is truthfully presented and reliably
established.
It is verified and it is enduring.
through Dowd.
And that is the way that God's unwavering
love, unrelenting devotion,
and enduring affection,
his genuine favoritism,
are offered to his covenant family.
And while I cannot prove it,
little Kara is...
She wants herself some Wookie here on a
tabletop.
Wookie doesn't know if he should resist
her or love her,
but she is a very aggressive young lady.
Aggressive lover.
She is an aggressive lover.
And Wookie says, hey, kid, chill a bit.
I like you, but not like that.
All right.
I suspect, and frankly,
I would not have gone here without Dowd
sounding a lot like him in second Shamuw’el,
eleven and twelve,
and then in the fifty first Psalm.
So while he would recover and manifest his
greatness,
he had a significant bit of denial and
lethargy in him.
And this was the first time that I
began to recognize that what we were
witnessing in Dowd when he was lounging
around
all night or lounging around during the
day as his team was out, family,
extended servants were out fighting a war
on his behalf.
And he was sleeping all day,
being a voyeur at night, lying, cheating,
drinking,
all sorts of licentiousness that, boy,
you know,
he's beginning to sound a lot like Adam.
And when I just wrote this maybe a
month or so ago,
I would have said what I just said,
that I can't prove it.
And now I'm in a position where I
think it's readily provable that Adam was
Dowd,
the first man created in God's image.
His soul,
is the one that Yahowah has observed the
longest and most closely.
His focus, the pupil of his father's eye,
from antiquity into perpetuity.
And I'm here to tell you that every
one of my deployments, even as Noach,
was for a specific purpose,
to serve as a guardian for Dowd,
to support Dowd.
to help him,
sometimes serving as a surrogate father,
sometimes serving as a brother,
sometimes serving as a actual father.
They've been all of those things to this
man.
And I am convinced it's as it should
be.
I'm hoping that there are at least the
most dedicated of covenant members who
appreciate this.
And this is not an accolade here.
By the way,
it is a statement of understanding.
It is the realization that this was the
most natural way for God to deploy.
And he threw out hundreds and hundreds and
hundreds of clues for us to figure this
out.
And it is the way for God to
also to say the covenant isn't about how
many.
It's about how good.
How deserving.
How appropriate.
And that when God finds someone that he
likes, trusts, enjoys working with,
he goes back to them.
It's why with every deployment,
I never had a deployment with God without
Leo.
You know,
I am always been a creature of habit.
My wife laughs at me all the time.
Every Sunday, for example,
we have lunch at the same restaurant,
sitting in the same table,
in the same chair,
looking out over the same beach with the
same furry friends,
and I order exactly the same thing.
Some would call that boring.
Others would call it that you know what
you like,
and you're consistent with it.
And I'm telling you,
God's a lot like that.
So,
Dowd's soul was initially conceived a long
time prior to Yahowah introducing us to the
eight-year-old shepherd boy from
Bethlehem.
And
Dowd is the principal recipient of
Yahowah's unwavering love.
He is the one person that God could
say,
he is my first born son because God
conceived him.
He is the establishment of what would
become the covenant.
Frankly, no Dowd, no Beryth.
No Beryth,
no reason for the Miqra'ey because they
deliver the participants in the family.
No Miqra'ey, well,
there's no reason for Dowd.
No Dowd, Beryth, or Miqra'ey,
no extension on life and no way for
God to express or verify his love with
humans.
No access to God.
All related.
The only way into the covenant is through
Yahowah's collaboration with Dowd.
But even then,
the work of father and son is heralded
by the restoring witness to the eternal
testimony.
God continues.
I mean,
this is just piling one layer of truth
and understanding on top of another.
Don't go to the next until you've come
to grasp and hold tight the previous one
because God's building layer upon layer
upon layer of truth.
And I will establish his seed and that
which he sows
preparing his offspring for the harvest
through the restoring witness and by way
of the eternal testimony forevermore.
And it is exactly as it worked out.
You see,
even with Dowd being restored back into
fellowship with Yahowah,
and even with Dowd
therefore being trusted to fulfill Pesach,
Matsah, and Bikuwrym.
And there's so much more to that story
that we will be talking about in future
days.
Even with him doing it,
would have made no difference whatsoever
without the restoring witness because no
one paid any attention.
And three religions were all conceived by
the idea of stealing Dowd's titles,
his accolades and his achievements,
counterfeiting him such that for the last
two thousand five hundred years,
not a single person knew what he would
do or has done.
And if no one knows what he has
done,
there is no way to benefit from him.
His seed and that which he sows,
his offspring for the harvest,
do not exist and cannot be established if
not for the restoring witness,
who is also his father.
His throne, his seat of honor.
his sovereign status and the full moon
associated with him and that which he
covers and conceals will be equated to the
days of heaven.
It's another layer on top of another layer
on top of another.
You see, Dowd Seed
began with Adam and the first humans
with Neshamah.
But that all came to a crashing halt
with the fall of man and the Naphylym.
And it was only through Noach that his
seed, and you know,
Noach was directly related
to Adam only through his seed that there
would be humans prepared for the covenant
with the Neshamah.
And it was Shem that would populate the
fertile crescent where Abraham would come
from,
where the wives of his son and his
grandson would be derived
to become Israel.
It has been his seed all along.
All along is his seed.
All he needed to make all of this
transpire as God intended was a restoring
witness,
someone to restore his reputation,
to explain what he had done.
Kise throne, which is the next word here,
is quite a term and one that we
really haven't paid a lot of attention to
previously.
It's always just rendered his throne.
Well, whose throne?
Well, it's Dowd's throne,
which means that since it's Dowd's throne
that's gonna be equated to the days of
heaven, there can be no Jesus, right?
Pretty obvious, correct?
All right,
so Dowd is coming back and he's going
to be the king of forevermore and his
days will be equated to the days of
heaven.
You know, heaven is not a material realm.
It is the souls that enter heaven are
enveloped in light energy,
which means that time simply exists.
They can witness any time at any time.
And so you want to be equated to
the days of heaven.
That means that his throne is eternal.
It exists throughout time.
And because of the nature of light and
energy in heaven,
it is everywhere at all time.
ButKise' means so much more than throne.
And in this case,
the throne of Dowd that's going to return
as brilliant as the sun is the mercy
seat,
the Kippur of the Ark of the Covenant.
Do you know what Kippur,
the verb that Kippur is based upon?
Kippur.
You know what Kippur means?
To cover.
Do you know that's why his throne,Kise',
is designed to conceal and to cover?
Conceal and cover what?
Hmm?
Well,
what's the purpose of Matsah which Dowd
fulfilled?
Doesn't our guilt get concealed in Sheowl?
What's the purpose of Kipurym when Dowd
returns?
Doesn't it mean to cover?
And that is how we are reconciled?
That's what it means.
So Matsah,
his first fulfillment is to conceal.
Kipurym, his return is to cover.
And it's all enveloped in kishe.
God knows how to strike a metaphor,
I'll tell you.
Now, of course,
it speaks of his seat of honor and
his sovereign status.
He is the king of kings.
He's the king of the universe.
He's Elyown.
He's all things pertaining to the
influence of God.
But you know that Kishe also means full
moon.
That his throne is essentially synonymous
with the full brightness of the moon.
Yep, the Dowd as the sun,
as the greater mayor, luminary,
is forever associated with the lesser
luminary, the moon.
As I said, when you're dealing with God,
his association between the sun and the
moon are forever,
equated to the days of heaven,
as his Dowd's throne,
his sovereign status forever.
and everything that he conceals on Matsah
and covers with the anointed in the mercy
seat of the Ark of the Covenant on
Kipurym.
Layer after layer, insight after insight,
knowledge that leads to understanding.
So my friends,
Zerah can be used to convey a wide
range of related thoughts too.
It is literally seed and metaphorically
offspring and descendants.
From the verbal root of Zerah,
in actionable terms,
it speaks of sowing and cultivating seeds
for a productive harvest.
Well,
do you know another one of Dowd's titles?
And a title that's also ascribed to the
lesser luminary, the moon in this case,
that is based on Zerah?
Zerah?
Zarowa, indeed,
one cultivating the seeds for the harvest.
And that's interesting in this venue
because the final Zarowa,
responsible for the Shabuwah, Qatsyr,
and Taruwah Laqat,
also serves as the aforementioned head,
the restoring witness to the eternal
testimony.
layer after layer, insight after insight,
truth piled upon truth,
all there for verification and for,
I think, as much as anything,
confidence and reassurance.
You see,
the more God's story fits together and you
have this ability to frame it all and
see all the beautiful strokes and pictures
and colors and see it from the proper
perspective and see all of the care that
Yahowah invested in it to help our
understanding, that you're reassured,
at least I am,
Your confidence swells.
So, well, that does exactly that.
Bringing God's entire portrait into focus,
Kishay, as I have shared,
is a revelation in and of itself.
And I know I've shared this with you
extemporaneously,
but I also wrote of it as well.
And I'm gonna share with you what I
wrote
even after I've explained it
extemporaneously,
because that's how we learn.
That's how we remember.
So it is Dov's throne.
It is his seat of honor.
The keshe is his sovereignty over his
kingdom.
But keshe is also used to describe,
as I have mentioned, full moon,
and thus the maximum reflection of the
sun's light.
as the lesser luminary reflects the
brilliance of the greater luminary.
We find it used as such in Dowd's
Eighty-First Mizmowr, which reads,
blow a horn sounding the trumpet during
the renewed moon,
the hot Qodesh at the beginning of the
month when the light is being restored on
the moon.
A shofar during the full moon.
The time, Kishe,
when the entire surface of the moon is
covered in light.
The place of honor during Pesach, Matsah,
Bikuwrym, and Sukah.
They are all celebrated all the time,
without exception,
under the light of a full moon.
for the day of our festival feast,
the Chag.
Well,
there are two Chag that are celebrated
under the full moon.
They are Chag Matsah and the closing day
of, well,
the seminal day of Chag Sukah being
Sukah itself.
Yep.
It says, indeed,
this is a clearly communicated written
prescription for living, a choke.
For Yisrael,
individuals who engage and endure with
God,
this is the way to exercise good judgment
regarding the means to justly resolve
disputes,
all to approach the God of Jacob,
reward or consequence.
Ms.
Moore, Psalm, Eighty-One, Four.
How's that for a validation?
And so while this association between Dowd
and Yada,
the son of God and the restoring witness,
is instructional,
we also find thatKise' addresses that
which covers and conceals.
This is the stated intent of both Matsah,
where our guilt is concealed in Sheowl,
never to be seen again, and of Kipurym,
which is from kafar, to cover,
which more everything associated with
kishe will play out like the days of
heaven, when time exists in full measure.
There is, of course,
more to the story than just father and
son, seats of honor,
full moons and cover-ups.
The covenant
is a product of the Towrah.
One does not exist without the other.
Literally, without the covenant,
there is no Towrah.
Without the Towrah, there is no covenant.
And neither can be fully understood or
capitalized upon when they're disjoined.
Therefore, in the midst of this song,
Yahowah says,
devotes what is a very long sentence,
three verses,
to saying something that the world somehow
missed.
Here he's talking, you know,
about his beloved son, the son of God.
Here he is talking about his Mashyach,
the one he anointed himself.
Here he's talking about the one who
established,
literally established the covenant,
which means he fulfilled Pesach, Matsah,
and Bikuwrym.
And he says,
but I want to remind you that none
of this matters without the Towrah.
Because Pesach Matzem Bikuwrym,
that crucifixion, the trip into hell,
doesn't accomplish anything for anybody
unless it is enabled by the Towrah's
promises regarding them.
They always mock Christians.
They say, he died for your sins.
Well, how, why?
Why was death anything other than a
ghoulish spectacle?
What is the catalyst?
What is the means to this result?
They have none because they can't cite the
Towrah.
But with the case of Dowd,
he walked out of the pages of the
Towrah.
He fulfilled Pesach as the Towrah's doorway
to life.
He fulfilled Matsah as the means to
un-yeast our souls of the fungus of our
guilt.
He fulfilled Bikuwrym as firstborn
children, as the firstborn of God.
What he did matters.
because it is consistent with,
it enables the promises of the Towrah
pursuant to its Beryth covenant.
It's essential and yet most people
completely miss it.
Let's see if I can move that over.
Oh, that is so nice.
Okay, I've got it centered.
I can actually read it with margins on
both sides.
What I'm doing here is that we have
these passages that I've translated,
and most of these I retranslated just a
matter of a month ago.
And when it comes to the Word of
God, I'd like to be accurate.
I've spent more time than probably anyone,
certainly in the last few centuries,
translating Yahowah's testimony.
and rendering it in this amplified fashion
that enables our understanding and growth
and makes it possible for you to verify
that what we're saying to you is accurate
and true.
And so when we have the opportunity,
I want to read them to you.
And then when the Hebrew basis of the
words are there,
then I'm in a position to chat with
you about it and expand upon what we
know and can learn.
So this begins with a very interesting
word in Hebrew, tzim.
It means if, however, on the contrary,
on the condition,
should the situation exist.
That his bene, literally sons,
but children, his descendants,
continue to do something that they have
done
for well over four hundred years before
this song was written,
which is to continue to forsake, ignore,
and reject, azab,
habitually neglect and abandon,
depart from and disavow.
It was written in the called and perfect
third person masculine singular,
or masculine plural.
So it's they, plural.
This would be the children of Yisrael.
qal, stem, meaning no nuance here.
Deal with it, this is actual.
Imperfect conjugation means this was not a
once and done problem that happened,
maybe some little rebellion somewhere.
No, that means this is habitual behavior.
This is ongoing,
continuing right through the present
period.
So God's saying, if his children,
his descendants continue to forsake,
ignore or reject,
neglect, abandon,
or disavow my Towrah teaching and guidance.
Well, Sha'uwl had done that, didn't he?
That's why Sha'uwl was abandoned by God.
He ultimately became demon-possessed,
correct?
When Moshe delivered the Towrah,
most of the children of Israel told God
to shut up and go away.
They never wanted to see him or hear
from him again.
It's true, right?
They constantly rebelled against Moshe.
It was awful.
There's really only tiny moments in time
where a majority of the Israelites were
Towrah observant.
And they most certainly aren't now.
When they say that they're Towrah observant
and they're teaching Towrah,
they're lying to you and to themselves.
They're teaching Talmud.
They're Talmud observant.
They dress the Towrah up like it's a
whore.
They don't study the Towrah.
They argue against it.
They rip it apart.
If you ask a Jew to tell you
about their religion, Judaism,
it's all in the Talmud.
There's no basis for it in the Towrah.
In fact, in the Towrah,
God's anti-religious.
So however,
if his children continue to forsake,
ignore, or reject my Towrah,
my teaching and guidance,
which by the way,
would be all Jews who have become
Christians would fall right into this
trap.
And if they make a habit of failing
to walk according to my means to resolve
disputes and make reasoned decisions,
Mishpat, Mishpat is so often corrupted.
religious texts,
because it is clearly a compound of two
Hebrew words, mai,
which means to ponder the implications of,
to question, and Shaphat,
which is to judge,
to exercise good judgment,
to make good decisions.
according to my means to resolve disputes
and make reasoned decisions,
if they perpetually view my clearly
communicated and engraved prescriptions
for living with contempt,
profaning and desecrating my conditions,
dishonoring what I have enacted and
constituted,
perforating and violating my inscribed
means to allow a share to be allocated,
And further,
if they consistently failed to observe the
instructive terms of the relationship,
then I will hold them accountable.
I will consider all of these things and
attend to them with the full measure of
their religious rebellion and popular
political revolt.
Their peshe hem.
The consequence of their deviation from
the way and their religious corruptions as
a result of their perverting, twisting,
bending and distorting will be a
pestilence which causes their widespread
demise.
As if they were plagued and they die
as the result of the spread of a
fungus, yeast.
Well,
this is yet another debilitating attack on
Judaism and Christianity,
launched over a thousand years before both
anti-Messiah religions were introduced,
one by Paul in thirty-three CE,
the other by Akiba a hundred years later.
In his tripe to the Galatians,
the man Yahowah condemned as the plague of
death,
referred to the Towrah as pornography,
claiming that it was counterproductive and
saying that it condemned rather than
saved.
And here,
Yahowah plainly states that those who
reject his Towrah guidance are held
accountable for their religious revolt.
Their twisting and bending of his
testimony to suit their ideologies,
like in the Talmud, the Zohar,
results in widespread death.
Got more to be concerned about than
Iranian rockets and missiles and drones,
oh my.
So as a result,
there are only two informed and rational
conclusions.
Paul lied and Christians are easily
fooled.
They have all forfeited their lives
trading Yahowah's Towrah teaching for their
New Testament beliefs and the same thing
is true.
also to devastating effect for Judaism,
because rabbis have superimposed their
Talmud and their Zohar for Kabbalah over
the Towrah,
preferring their words to God's by an
overwhelming extent.
Yahowah would make this point even more
emphatic, should say,
in the fourth chapter of Howsha,
with religious ignorance.
leading to divorce, to estrangement,
and to the destruction of many Jewish
lives.
Now, Mishpat here is, as I have shared,
it's a compound of Mai to question and
Shaphat, which means to judge.
And it literally asks us to ponder the
process and the implications of making
reasoned decisions.
Similarly, Mitswah is comprised of mai,
to question, and Tsawah,
which means instructions pertaining to the
terms of an authorized agreement.
And yet,
these key elements of Yahowah's Towrah
guidance have been rejected, and worse,
blended together and twisted into Mitswah.
M-I-T-Z-V-O-T.
There's no Z and there's no V in
the word.
But that's how it appears in Judaism.
The anti-Yahowah religion is replete with
many thousands of debilitating rabbinic
laws controlling Jewish lives using this
perversion of God's instruction.
Now the Towrah itself is a repository of
Yahowah's teaching,
as well as his guidance,
his instructions and his directions.
It serves as the foundation of knowledge
and understanding pursuant to all things
pertaining to God.
It is not subject to being replaced,
altered, superimposed,
at least not without consequence,
And the result is the squandering of one
soul.
And that's a pretty devastating
consequence.
Now, so well,
the cornerstone of the Towrah is absolutely
the covenant.
And Yahowah paints it and points to it
through his misphah,
his means to exercise good judgment and
resolve disputes, his Mitswah,
instructive terms of the relationship
agreement, and his chuqqah,
clearly communicated and inscribed
prescriptions for living that cut us into
this relationship with God.
They all lead to inclusion within the
bereft and to receiving its benefits.
The alternative would be to azab, forsake,
ignore, or reject the Towrah.
Lohalach, walking away from the Mishpat,
chalol,
Those who do so are viewed as chuqqah,
in contempt, and lo shamar.
They fail to observe the Mitswah,
and that results in pakad,
being held accountable for this pesha,
religious rebellion.
Those who eon, twist, bend, pervert,
and distort Yahowah's guidance die,
and in great numbers.
with their religious pandemic affecting
entire societies and epochs of time.
Yahowah boldly and unequivocally inserted
these profoundly important instructions
into the midst of his attestations
regarding Dowd's supremacy.
in the lives of those who want to
be included in his covenant family.
And he conveyed all of this under the
repetition of M, if, to the contrary,
followed by azab,
which is the ultimate negation, indeed,
estrangement that exists in the Hebrew
language.
Azab screams forsake,
the Towrah and you will be forsaken.
Reject Yahowah's guidance and you will be
rejected.
Ignore God's teaching and God will ignore
you.
It's all simple, direct, irrefutable,
and inalterable.
Now,
for those who are thinking this through,
Yahowah's dissertation in Mizmowr,
in the midst of his appraisal of his
son, our Messiah, Dowd,
affirms that from God's perspective,
the king walked out of the pages of
the Towrah.
doing so when he fulfilled Pesach, Matsah,
and Bikuwrym, which is why they mattered,
which is why they work,
which is why we can benefit from them.
And he's going to do the same thing
again when he fulfills Kipurym and then
again Sukah.
Dowd is the living embodiment of the
Towrah.
He is the Word of God made flesh.
Now understand, Dowd,
you focus on him and come to comprehend
everything that he represents,
and then you contemplate what the Towrah
says.
Then you're in a position to accept and
embrace God's Son.
And by doing so,
you're also accepting and embracing
Yahowah's teaching and guidance.
They go hand in hand.
Now, by contrast,
the corollary is that replacing Dowd with
Paul and Jesus, Akiba and Bar Kokhba,
Muhammad and his pet Allah,
or Maga and Trump, the Rahab,
is to be seen rejecting the Towrah and
choosing to die.
Religion and politics,
they both damn souls.
Now said another way,
the reason that Dowd's fulfillment of
Pesach, Matsah,
and Baquedah matter is because he was
delivering the promised benefits presented
in and attested to within Yahowah's Towrah.
They are inseparable.
The sacrifice on Pesach apart from the
Towrah is nothing more than a torturous
experience resulting in death, not life.
Matsah becomes meaningless and meritless.
There is no resolving our guilt without
what the Towrah promises.
There is no Bakowrim or firstborn children
and no purpose to a Bakowr firstborn son.
And this means that everything Dowd agreed
to do
And this life in thirty three C.E.
year four thousand year was described in
the Towrah.
It all occurred on the right day and
was done in the right way,
exactly as the Towrah prescribes,
which makes that counterfeit of Jesus
Christ so reprehensible because nothing he
does is consistent with the Towrah.
Well, everything though did.
It's the Towrah that makes Pesach, Matsah,
and Bikuwrym matter.
Now the dates aren't random either.
There was no Last Supper.
No one died.
There was no napping in the tomb.
There was no resurrection of a dead body
either.
On Passover,
Dowd's disposable body served as the lamb.
The remains were destroyed that night.
During un-yeasted bread,
Dowd Soul carried our guilt and his own
into shield, depositing it there,
never to be seen again,
rendering the beneficiaries innocent.
Then on firstborn children,
Dowd Sol returned right to Shamaym to be
with his father again.
making it possible for us to be similarly
enriched, empowered, enabled,
entering the seventh dimension as God's
covenant family.
There are no baby gods.
There are no dying gods.
There are no resurrected gods.
There are no warlords,
no religious replacements,
no New Testaments, no Talmuds, no church.
No synagogues, no clerics, no rabbis,
no Jesus, nor Hashem,
no Christianity or Judaism, no Easter,
no Purim, no Christians, and no Hanukkah.
It's Yahowah, Towrah, Covenant, Mowedym, Dowd.
That is what I would recommend.
To suggest or protest otherwise,
quite frankly, is to call God a liar.
Now, that's not recommended.
Now,
one last thought before we close this
program.
All four verbs attributable to our choices
regarding accepting or rejecting Yahowah's
instructions in that prayer pronouncement
were scribed in the imperfect conjugation.
Well,
the one attributable to God was presented
in the perfect conjugation.
Now shaped by the ongoing and habitual
nature of the imperfect.
This means that regardless of what we have
done in the past,
the moment we come to our senses and
we stop rebelling against Chawah,
we are no longer held accountable for our
prior defiance.
And with God,
the time limited expression for the
perfect conjugation means that his death
sentence is no longer applicable based
upon our change in attitude.
It's the best of both worlds.
It makes this exceedingly easy for us.
Just stop being wrong.
And then you appear right.
Of course,
this means that Paul lied when he claimed
that a single violation of the Towrah was
eternally damning.
The opposite is true.
No matter what we have done,
once we refrain from it,
we are no longer subject to the
consequence.
That said,
our change gets us off the hook,
but it does not grant us access to
heaven.
For that,
We must embrace the lessons of this song.
So we will return to this point when
we resume tomorrow here on the Yahowah Vlog.
I thank you for listening.
And even if you were one of those
who was napping,
maybe you will observe or benefit from it
from osmosis.
We will see.
But thank you so much for being with
us.
I am Craig Winn,
and this has been the Yahowah Vlog.
Hey there, thanks for tuning in.
That was Fetch.
Gotta run now.
Catch y'all on our next podcast.